Feature(connector_sdk): Created a new example for OAuth2 with Token Refresh (#74)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: examples/source_examples/oauth2_with_token_refresh/readme.md

# OAuth2 Refresh Token Hubspot Connector Example

> NOTE: We have Fivetran connector for HubSpot that users can integrate directly on the dashboard [here](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/hubspot#hubspot). You can use this example as a reference for the cases where you want to connect to a custom OAuth2 source that requires access token refresh.

## Prerequisites

1. If you don't have a HubSpot account, follow HubSpot's [instructions](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/guides/apps/public-apps/overview) to create one.

2. Create a developer account and a HubSpot app with scopes and redirect URL. See HubSpot's [OAuth documentations](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api/app-management/oauth) for details.

> 3. Use the ClientId, ClientSecret and RedirectUrl from the developer account, and paster it in the Postman app inside Authorization->OAuth2.0 as shown in the below SS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Paste the **ClientID**, **Client Secret** and **Redirect URL** values from the developer account in the (<list_the_corresponding_fields_here>  on the **Authorisation** tab in Postman:
```
I don't see Callback URL mentioned while it's on the screenshot, and the the values in dev account and fields in Postman should be mapped.

     ![Screenshot1.png](Screenshot1.png)

4. Fetch the Refresh Token:
    1. Clicking on the `Get new access Token` button, you will be redirected on a browser signup popup.

>     1. Log in to your developer account, and approve to grant access to the redirect url. The popup will close and you should see the following window with tokens.

Reviewer: "and (click?) approve to grant access to the redirect URL" or and "approve to grant access to the redirect URL".

Author: ```suggestion
    1. Log in to your developer account, and click authorize to grant access to the redirect url. The popup will close and you should see the following window with tokens.
```

> # OAuth2 Refresh Token Hubspot Connector example

Reviewer 2: this doesn't follow the connector directory

Author: Yes this is the readme inside the directory, hence had custom name.

> # OAuth2 Refresh Token Hubspot Connector example

Reviewer 2: please get this file reviewed from Tech Writers

# OAuth2 Refresh Token Hubspot Connector example

**Note:** There is an existing Fivetran connector for HubSpot that users can integrate directly on the dashboard [here](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/applications/hubspot#hubspot). This example is for reference purposes to integrate with a custom OAuth2 source that requires access token refresh.

## Prerequisites

1. **HubSpot Account:** 
   - If you don't have one, follow the steps [here](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/guides/apps/public-apps/overview).

2. **Developer Account and HubSpot App:**
   - Create a developer account and create a HubSpot app with scopes and redirect URL: [ref](https://developers.hubspot.com/docs/reference/api/app-management/oauth)

3. **Fetch the Code:** 
   - Use this curl command to get the code appended to your redirect URL:

     ```bash

>      curl --location '[https://app.hubspot.com/oauth/authorize?client_id=xxxxxx&scope=xxx&redirect_uri=xxxx](https://app.hubspot.com/oauth/authorize?client_id=xxxxxx&scope=xxx&redirect_uri=xxxx)'

Reviewer 2: we need to document the redirect url flow, how they can define one and complete OAuth flow

for example in tools like postman, you can do it via your browser
<img width="841" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8fc08707-3fa4-41bf-a461-74e94798e1db" />

Author: Done and Updated process with Postman Screenshots
